Web Security Game 

This is a web app that users can create a user log in to it will show a scoreboard and a admin can start off the problems delete change users and reset the score board after the competition . Users will have to solve various security challenges such as cross site scripting SQL etc. to get a key so that they can progress on to the next level. They would then input this key and get the next challenge. After a user solves a challenge they would get points for completing based on the difficulty of the challenge and whether they solved it first or not. The competition would be timed with the time counting down. 
The challenges themselves would be web site security issues such as SQL Injection XSS scripting or using burp to change JavaScript calculated values. 
Also as part of the challenge users can get hints by pressing a hint button however this would cost points with the more hints costing more points which finally ends in a solution however you may end in negative points doing this. A tutorial page detailing various methods would accompany earlier challenges but not later. As the challenges progress I would use securer methods of calling on similar problems demonstrating secure coding and my understanding of the security issues websites have. 
I would view the computer society using this kind of application in the college as part of a completion or it could be used by lecturers as a fun way of re enforcing the security module. 
The project itself would be done in play framework and present itself as a website in which users get to create an account on the landing page this would register them and put them on the score board with zero points when the admin kicks off the game a link would appear to the first question where the players can look at a tutorial get a hint or solve the problem. Which would give them a unique key to the next level (these would be pre-generated when they registered) this would continue until the game time ran out or they solved all the problems.


